Add PEM config info to Kestrel doc (#21235)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/endpoints.md

}
```

Schema notes:

> * Endpoints names are [case-insensitive](xref:fundamentals/configuration#configuration-keys-and-values). For example, `HTTPS` and `Https` are valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Endpoints names are [case-insensitive](xref:fundamentals/configuration/index#configuration-keys-and-values). For example, `HTTPS` and `Https` are equivalent.
```

* The `Url` parameter is required for each endpoint. The format for this parameter is the same as the top-level `Urls` configuration parameter except that it's limited to a single value.

> * These endpoints replace those defined in the top-level `Urls` configuration rather than adding to them. Endpoints defined in code via `Listen` are cumulative with the endpoints defined in the configuration section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* These endpoints replace those defined in the top-level `Url` configuration rather than adding to them. Endpoints defined in code via `Listen` are cumulative with the endpoints defined in the configuration section.
```
Is `Urls` the plural of `Url`? That's typically written as `Url`s which is bad, but not as bad as `Urls`.

Author: I believe there is a setting called `Urls` that this refers to.

Reviewer: > I believe there is a setting called `Urls` that this refers to.

Can you confirm that?
It's not in the sample file, but that's OK.

Author: It refers to the Urls mentioned at the start of the article - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/endpoints

That part should be split out into its own section so others can link to it.

> * The `Certificate` section is optional. If the `Certificate` section isn't specified, the defaults defined in **Certificates** > **Default** are used. If no defaults are available then the development certificate is used. If there are no defaults and the development certificate isn't present then the server throws an exception and fails to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `Certificate` section is optional. If the `Certificate` section isn't specified, the defaults defined in `Certificates:Default` are used. If no defaults are available, the development certificate is used. If there are no defaults and the development certificate isn't present, the server throws an exception and fails to start.
```

Reviewer: `**Certificates** > **Default**` would have been localized.

Author: I'm going to update this one place, but `**Certificates** > **Default**` is used in many other places in this doc.

* The `Certificate` section supports multiple [certificate sources](#certificate-sources).

> * Any number of endpoints may be defined in this way so long as they don't cause port conflicts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Any number of endpoints may be defined in [Configuration](xref:fundamentals/configuration/index) as long as they don't cause port conflicts.
```

#### Certificate sources

Certificate nodes can be configured to load certificates from a number of sources:

> * **Path** and **Password** to load *.pfx* files.
> * **Path**, **KeyPath** and **Password** to load *.pem*/*.crt* and *.key* files.
> * **Subject** and **Store** to load from the certificate store.
> 
> For example, the **Certificates** > **Default** certificate can be specified as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Path` and `Password` to load *.pfx* files.
* `Path`, `KeyPath` and `Password` to load *.pem*/*.crt* and *.key* files.
* `Subject` and `Store` to load from the certificate store.

For example, the `Certificates:Default` certificate can be specified as:
```

Reviewer: You don't want them localized, right?

}
```

Schema notes:

> * Endpoints names are case-insensitive. For example, `HTTPS` and `Https` are valid.

Reviewer 2: Maybe link to https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/fundamentals/configuration/?view=aspnetcore-5.0#configuration-keys-and-values which states "Configuration keys: Are case-insensitive. For example, ConnectionString and connectionstring are treated as equivalent keys."

* The `Url` parameter is required for each endpoint. The format for this parameter is the same as the top-level `Urls` configuration parameter except that it's limited to a single value.
* These endpoints replace those defined in the top-level `Urls` configuration rather than adding to them. Endpoints defined in code via `Listen` are cumulative with the endpoints defined in the configuration section.

> * The `Certificate` section is optional. If the `Certificate` section isn't specified, the defaults defined in **Certificates** > **Default** are used. If no defaults are available, the server throws an exception and fails to start.

Reviewer 2: It might be worth pointing out it will fallback to a dev certificate if available.
